hey what's up guys welcome back to
another episode finally back home whoa
what's up guys that was a long trek we
went to all the Ivy League schools on
the East Coast that was I hope you
enjoyed that more coming
we're now back in my home in the studio
that built fine Oh change oh do you want
to avoid failing do you want to avoid
not making any friends today I'm gonna
tell you the top 10 mistakes I've made
as a college freshman so you never have
to make the same mistakes as me and I'm
gonna tell you how to avoid every single
one grab a drink sit back let's go so
here's the thing in high school I've
never really tried um it's gonna sound
kind of braggadocious but I really
didn't study that much and still got A's
so I never like learned the work habits
and the work ethic needed to get a good
grade in college so when I first went to
college I never reviewed any notes or
slides throughout the semester and I
would just leave studying until like two
days before the exam thinking I could
just cram it all like a day in high
school and still get an A oh boy oh boy
was I wrong because the difficulty
doesn't just go like this it goes like
this and my grades reflected honestly
how do you avoid this well the best way
is to review your notes after class like
straight after class ten minutes fifteen
minutes just review it you'll memorize
it better because when you study smaller
chunks over a long period of time it's
more effective than trying to memorize a
whole book in one day I didn't think I
would need to tell myself or you guys
that but I think I do because you're
gonna think it's easy until you get your
test
let's talk about love for a second don't
rush into a relationship that's my
advice I don't know if you Caucasian
people understand this for us
Asian kids we weren't really allowed to
date in high school because your parents
are like don't date it's gonna distract
you from school even though you already
distracted from school from so many
other things but when you going to
college they're like still don't date
but where's your wife when you going to
college you'll soon realize that you can
literally do anything that you want
because you're away from your parents
but when you get that freedom to do
anything that you want you tend to or I
would tend to do things I have never
been able to do before but sometimes
when you want it so badly you make the
wrong decision you get into a
relationship for the sake of having a
relationship you don't really like the
other person you don't really connect
you're just like there and you're like
wasting each other's time don't do that
man
don't do that take a tip from my friend
Jenson it's already been four years in
college and he still doesn't have a
girlfriend because he couldn't find his
dream girl he likes you take his slow if
it happens it happens
if it doesn't happen it doesn't happen
so the thing about college is that you
don't really have the same classes as
all your friends because you get to
choose your own classes
Wow I wish you good luck because my
number one mistake is skipping too many
math classes or whatever the subject may
be for you it was 8:30 in the morning
class was super boring and I always
thought sleep was a little bit more
important than going to class
I thought I was gonna be okay until I
took the first midterm I got it back I
was really shocked
I got 53% I've never gotten a mark that
alone in my life so I learned my lesson
how to avoid failing if you still want
to sit class 1 you can try to get notes
from your friends or you could attend a
later class because usually there's
multiple sections of the same class you
really need to dedicate the same amount
of time as you would have spent in class
to study the material when you skipped
out on
here's the thing we all want to belong
to a group we all want to make friends
we want to make other people happy but I
think we should make ourselves happy
first before we can make other people
happy so don't try to hang out with all
your fake friends I think the number one
mistake I made in my social life is
keeping too many shallow friends by the
end of your college career you're gonna
realize you really only care about like
three to five people like those are the
people you actually want to hang with
those third of the people you actually
care about and the rest are like
acquaintances you see them when you see
them you don't need to like go out of
your way to hang with them and the
beautiful thing about college is that
you get the freedom to choose your
friends unliking high school make a
bunch of friends in the beginning when
you first go into school then a drop the
ones you don't like continue hanging out
with the ones that you do of course hang
with me I'm as real as it gets
also this is the first episode in the
back to school series I'm releasing this
month leading up to September so click
that subscribe button and the
notification bell so you won't miss a
single episode I know the real ones I
see you in the comments
so what if I told you there was a smart
drug if you take you you'll be a hundred
times more productive and a hundred
times smarter and there will be no side
effects whatsoever what you want to take
every single day obviously right and
that drug is called sleep sleep is the
key to getting good grades and to
feeling good throughout the day because
when eyes don't sleep like everything
just hurts you know like yeah hurts it
physically hurts me therefore I'm gonna
fail all my classes how to avoid go to
bed early if you can't if you can't
don't miss two days of sleep in a row
catch up the second day now I gave you a
free drug to make you more productive
I'm gonna give you some free money as
well five hundred to a thousand dollars
that's like the half whose scholarship
to you do not buy new books from the
bookstore you will literally save a
fortune wait let me get something I've
been waiting for this moment for Scylla
okay every time you go to the bookstore
to buy a brand new book you're literally
doing this you're mine
do not buy brand new books because you
can buy use books for 30 to 50% off
sometimes 80% off on Facebook
Marketplace
oh and the other thing is there's new
editions like 10 freaking editions of
the same textbook they tell you things
change literally like two words or like
the order of the books change the
content stays the same so you can
literally buy an older edition and it
wouldn't matter
oh this next one is a big one I still
struggle with it today but way less than
before and that's caring about what
people think of you I mean it's like
normal it's like human nature to care
about what people think of you so we can
all survive it so we don't all go crazy
and I kill other people but caring too
much about what other people think is
gonna stop you from doing the things
that you you actually want to do and
that will benefit you in the future
because we're afraid that people will
judge us when we for example make videos
you know how like scary making a video
was when I first picked up a camera like
I try to film outside I will literally
stand there for like 30 minutes
just like contemplating like walking by
like what do they think of me like I'm
gonna be like so loud I'm like obnoxious
now I still feel that sometimes I'm not
looking Paul but even though I'll feel
it I'll do it anyway once you get rid of
that internal judgement you'll be able
to do so many things way faster so how
do you really build that confidence by
doing it literally like the more
experiences you have overcoming that
judgement in your head and seen well
nothing really happened repeat that like
over time you'll build that confidence
because you realize all that is just
it's not real before I mention how you
can save money now I'm gonna tell you
how you can earn money and that's
through scholarships I realized this way
too freaking late
there are literally like hundreds of
scholarships you can apply for it in
college from the school out of the
school everything there's websites
online website from your college that
you can check the list of scholarships
sometimes it's like you write one
application you submitted to like ten
different scholarships so it's not that
much worry actually you can literally
get five thousand to ten thousand
dollars for free for free throughout
your whole four years I'm not just
really like talking about this makes me
really mad that didn't realize sooner
because I could be bawling right now I
got like two of these instead of just
one now you know in the future you can
buy me a coffee with the money that you
get
I had regret not taking care of my
temple sooner your body
it's a machine if you needed of audio
that machine you need to upgrade that
machine so you can be more productive
get better grades and you have you if
you wrigley to come back to watch my
videos then you are probably a very
motivated person you want to succeed in
school and in life so I'm just gonna
tell you straight up it's hard to be
productive when you feel tired all
freaking day and being healthy is
actually pretty simple it's like three
things eat good food exercise and sleep
if you do those three well that's like
80% of the work just done right there in
like one or two weeks I'll be making a
workout video telling you how you can
start to exercise because I know it's
like kind of intimidating looking at all
those bubble butts and the 20 pack abs
on Instagram so look out for that video
it'll be like linked once it's up
this next one is like the one thing that
changed my life forever like it
literally changed my life like I
wouldn't be doing what I'm doing and you
probably wouldn't want to even like
listen to me if I didn't do this the
mistake I made is not reading books
sooner before the summer of University
first year that's when I started reading
I've read probably like less than five
books in my life like when when everyone
was doing silent reading elementary
school I'd be the Philippines who
Franklin the Turk there were a lot of
pictures and little words but in the
summer vacation of first year I decided
that maybe I should pick up a book see
how it is first book I read was seven
Habits of Highly Effective People
changed my life it changes you as a
person it gives you a whole new
perspective on life and the world when
you read a lot you realize like why are
you not reading because it's the best
investment you can make in ten years of
someone's life is point a like 300 pages
and you can consume all their knowledge
that they learned through ten years
within like ten hours that's gonna save
you so much time it's the best
investment you can make in yourself and
with your time now read like over a
hundred fifty books including audiobooks
like back there is 82 of them pick up a
book man be literate get some knowledge
the last tip it's a little bit of
personal one but I think it might apply
to some YouTube and that's a not calling
my mom enough when you get into
university I'm about you but I didn't
feel like homesick at all I've felt
liberated so I don't want to call my
parents I was like distracted by like
everything that I wanted to do sometimes
if they don't call me I wouldn't call
them for like a month or two my mom
actually had to like to sit me down and
tell me it's like don't come enough you
should call me more when I did finally
and made her so happy haha five minutes
of your life you're gonna make your
mom's day you're gonna make her life a
lot happier and when she's happy you're
gonna be happy because she's gonna be
buying you stuff that you're gonna want
in the future take it from me call your
mom let me like right now just give her
a call it's like hey I watch this guy on
YouTube he told me to call you and watch
your reaction she's gonna be so
surprised and she's gonna thank me but
hey at the end of the day I'm not a
complete screw-up because I did do some
things right probably a little bit more
than the things I do wrong
that's why you're probably watching me
today but this video can just be about
what a failure I am and if you still
love me and accept me for who I am
after watching this video show your
appreciation to me by clicking that like
button and the subscribe button if
you're not subscribed and the
notification bell because back to school
series it's gonna be lit and it's gonna
be like everything you need to know
before you go back to school honestly I
wish I had this when I went to school
but I didn't now I'm making it for you
the younger thank you for watching my
name is have a goal and I will see you
in the next video
[Music]
now I have to pick all this up real rich
people don't do this they just do the
first step not the second one